#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
accessible-pygments==0.0.4
    # via pydata-sphinx-theme
alabaster==0.7.13
    # via sphinx
babel==2.13.1
    # via
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via pydata-sphinx-theme
breathe==4.34.0
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.1
    # via requests
codespell==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via recommonmark
docutils==0.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   breathe
    #   myst-parser
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   recommonmark
    #   rst2pdf
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-jinja
graphviz==0.20.1
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.4
    # via requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via rst2pdf
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   myst-parser
    #   rst2pdf
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-jinja
markdown-it-py==2.2.0
    # via
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   myst-parser
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via jinja2
mdit-py-plugins==0.3.5
    # via myst-parser
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
myst-parser==0.18.1
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   rst2pdf
    #   sphinx
pillow==10.1.0
    # via reportlab
pydata-sphinx-theme==0.14.2
    # via sphinx-book-theme
pyenchant==3.2.2
    # via sphinxcontrib-spelling
pygments==2.16.1
    # via
    #   accessible-pygments
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   rst2pdf
    #   rstcloth
    #   sphinx
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   myst-parser
    #   rst2pdf
    #   rstcloth
    #   sphinxcontrib-kroki
recommonmark==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
reportlab==4.0.6
    # via rst2pdf
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinxcontrib-kroki
rst2pdf==0.99
    # via -r requirements.in
rstcloth==0.5.3
    # via -r requirements.in
smartypants==2.0.1
    # via rst2pdf
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   breathe
    #   myst-parser
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   recommonmark
    #   rstcloth
    #   sphinx-book-theme
    #   sphinx-copybutton
    #   sphinx-jinja
    #   sphinxcontrib-applehelp
    #   sphinxcontrib-devhelp
    #   sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp
    #   sphinxcontrib-kroki
    #   sphinxcontrib-programoutput
    #   sphinxcontrib-qthelp
    #   sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml
    #   sphinxcontrib-spelling
sphinx-book-theme==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinx-copybutton==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinx-jinja==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.7
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.5
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.4
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-kroki==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinxcontrib-programoutput==0.17
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.6
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.9
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-spelling==8.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tabulate==0.8.10
    # via rstcloth
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   myst-parser
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
urllib3==2.0.7
    # via requests
zipp==3.17.0
    # via importlib-metadata
